Hi there!
Summer in Washington, D.C. is hot and sunny.
I always ride the Metro to work.
Riding the Metro is cool and fast.
But today it’s closed.
So, I am walking to work.
Ms. Weaver, I am late this morning.
The Metro is closed.
So, I am walking to work.
That’s too bad.
It’s really hot today.
●●●
●●
●
Yes it is.
When you arrive, please come to my office.
I have important news to tell you.
●●●
●●
●
Of course. Good-bye.
My boss has news for me.
The question is: Is it good news or bad news?
Hello, Ms. Weaver.
Anna, I have good news and I have bad news.
Which do you want to hear first?
●●●
●●
●
The good news.
No … okay, the bad news.
The bad news is you are not good at reading the news.
●●●
●●
●
Oh. I am very sorry to hear that.
So, starting next month you will not read the news.
●●●
●●
●
Next month is July.
You are firing me in July.
No. I am not firing you in July …
or in August or in September.
That is the good news.
●●●
●●
●
Okay. You are not firing me.
I am not reading the news.
What will I be doing?
Well, you are good at asking questions.
You are good at talking to people.
You are good at showing your feelings.
And you are great at being silly.
●●●
●●
●
Thank you, Ms. Weaver.
But what does all that mean?
I have a new assignment for you!
Your skills are perfect for a new show …
a children’s show.
●●●
●●
●
A children’s show ...
That is awesome!
When do I start?
You start next month.
Start thinking of ideas for the show.
●●●
●●
●
I have tons of ideas!
I can show children what it’s like in outer space or ...
Great …
●●●
●●
●
… in the deep, dark ocean …
Those are great ideas, Anna.
Please go think of more … at your desk.
●●●
●●
●
Yes. What other things can I show them?
Mt. Everest!
Everyone has different skills.
You have skills.
I have skills.
The important thing is to know what you are good at.
Until next time!